Since the king has ordered
Then it is my duty
Hahahaha
Xiaoyong, you are so stupid
Wait until I absorb the mana of Shenlong Jade
I'm about to destroy you two Dragon Kings
I'll tell you what.
Shenlong Jade is not something that ordinary people can control
You take him
Be careful so as not to hurt you.
A mere magic weapon
I also got the deity
How could this be?
Shenlong Yu is the Dragon King's self-defense holy thing
Only great and selfless like me
upright
The graceful young man in the wind of Yushu is worth having
You are a villain who is white on the outside and black on the inside.
Dare to be based on holy objects
Now it has been turned against God's honor
Your power is greatly reduced
sister-in-law
Hurt me many times
loss of cultivation
I want to suck a little blood essence to supplement my knife skills